Feat/pdf file upload and extraction edge function example (#15580)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/functions/examples/pdf-upload-extract.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'pdf-upload-extract',
  title: 'Upload PDF and extract data',
  description: 'Building function to upload a PDF file and extract data.',
}

> ## Upload pdf file to storage and extract its pure text content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upload a PDF file to storage and extract its content
```
